com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.Turning on autofill should send AutofillServiceChanged with value of true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.Turning off autofill should send AutofillServiceChanged with value of false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.Continue click should send correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.Turn on later click should send correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.Turn on later component should not be displayed when not in initial setup
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.Show autofill fallback dialog when dialog state is AutoFillFallbackDialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.When autofill fallback dialog is dismissed, sends action to dismiss dialog and is removed when state is null
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.Show turn on later dialog when dialog state is TurnOnLaterDialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.On confirm click on TurnOnLaterDialog, sends action to turn on later
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.When turn on later dialog is dismissed, sends action to dismiss dialog and is removed when state is null
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.close icon should not show when in initial setup
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupAutofillScreenTest.close icon should show when not initial setup and send action when clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupCompleteScreenTest.When continue button clicked sends CompleteSetup action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.header should display in landscape mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics should be toggled on or off according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should send EnableBiometricsClick when isUnlockWithBiometricsEnabled is false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should send UnlockWithBiometricToggleDisabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should un-toggle on cancel
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should un-toggle on error
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should un-toggle on lock out
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should send UnlockWithBiometricToggleEnabled on success
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with pin code should be toggled on or off according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with pin toggle when enabled should send UnlockWithPinToggle Disabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on unlock with pin toggle when disabled should show the PIN input dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle PendingEnabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.PIN input dialog Cancel click should clear the dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle Disabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.PIN input dialog Submit click with empty pin should clear the dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle Disabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.PIN input dialog Submit click with non-empty pin and isUnlockWithPasswordEnabled true should show a confirmation dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle PendingEnabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.PIN input dialog Submit click with non-empty pin and isUnlockWithPasswordEnabled false should show a confirmation dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle Enabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.PIN confirmation dialog No click should send UnlockWithPinToggle Enabled and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.PIN confirmation dialog Yes click should send UnlockWithPinToggle Enabled and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on Continue click should send ContinueClick when disabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on Continue click should send ContinueClick when enabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on Set up later component should not be displayed when not in initial setup
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on Set up later click should display confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on Set up later dialog cancel click should dismiss the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.on Set up later dialog confirm click should dismiss the dialog and send SetUpLaterClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.Loading Dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.Error Dialog should be displayed according to state and send DismissDialog action on click
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.close icon should not show when in initial setup
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.accountsetup.SetupUnlockScreenTest.close icon should show when not initial setup and send action when clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.checkemail.CheckEmailScreenTest.close button click should send BackClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.checkemail.CheckEmailScreenTest.open email app button click should send OpenEmailClcik action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.checkemail.CheckEmailScreenTest.change email button click should send ChangeEmailClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.determine if using the old ui by title text
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.call to action with valid input click should send CreateAccountClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.close click should send CloseClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.check data breaches click should send CheckDataBreachesToggle action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.password input change should send PasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.confirm password input change should send ConfirmPasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.password hint input change should send PasswordHintChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.clicking OK on the error dialog should send ErrorDialogDismiss action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.clicking No on the HIBP dialog should send ErrorDialogDismiss action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.clicking Yes on the HIBP dialog should send ContinueWithBreachedPasswordClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.when BasicDialogState is Shown should show dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.password strength should change as state changes
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.toggling one password field visibility should toggle the other
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.determine if using the new ui by title text
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.call to action state should update with input based on if both fields are populated
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.Click on action card should send MakePasswordStrongClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.Click on prevent account lockout should send LearnToPreventLockoutClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.Header should be displayed in portrait mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.CompleteRegistrationScreenTest.Header should be displayed in landscape mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.PasswordStrengthIndicatorTest.PasswordStrengthIndicator with minimum character count met displays minimum character count
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.completeregistration.PasswordStrengthIndicatorTest.PasswordStrengthIndicator with no minimum character count met does not minimum character count
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.app bar submit click should send SubmitClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.close click should send CloseClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.check data breaches click should send CheckDataBreachesToggle action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.accept policies should be toggled on or off according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.accept policies click should send AcceptPoliciesToggle action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.email input change should send EmailInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.password input change should send PasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.confirm password input change should send ConfirmPasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.password hint input change should send PasswordHintChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.clicking OK on the error dialog should send ErrorDialogDismiss action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.clicking No on the HIBP dialog should send ErrorDialogDismiss action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.clicking Yes on the HIBP dialog should send ContinueWithBreachedPasswordClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.when BasicDialogState is Shown should show dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.password strength should change as state changes
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.toggling one password field visibility should toggle the other
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.terms of service click should send TermsClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.createaccount.CreateAccountScreenTest.privacy policy click should send PrivacyPolicyClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.enterprisesignon.EnterpriseSignOnScreenTest.app bar log in click should send LogInClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.enterprisesignon.EnterpriseSignOnScreenTest.close button click should send CloseButtonClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.enterprisesignon.EnterpriseSignOnScreenTest.organization identifier input change should send OrgIdentifierInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.enterprisesignon.EnterpriseSignOnScreenTest.organization identifier should change according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.enterprisesignon.EnterpriseSignOnScreenTest.error dialog should be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.enterprisesignon.EnterpriseSignOnScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.enterprisesignon.EnterpriseSignOnScreenTest.error dialog OK click should send DialogDismiss action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.close click should send CloseClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.save click should send SaveClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.error dialog should be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.error dialog OK click should send ErrorDialogDismiss action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.server URL should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.server URL change should send ServerUrlChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.use system certificate click should send UseSystemKeyCertificateClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.key alias should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.web vault URL should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.web vault server URL change should send WebVaultServerUrlChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.API server URL should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.API server URL change should send ApiServerUrlChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.identity server URL should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.identity server URL change should send IdentityServerUrlChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.icons server URL should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.environment.EnvironmentScreenTest.icons server URL change should send IconsServerUrlChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.expiredregistrationlink.ExpiredRegistrationLinkScreenTest.CloseClicked sends NavigateBack action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.expiredregistrationlink.ExpiredRegistrationLinkScreenTest.RestartRegistrationClicked sends RestartRegistrationClicked action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.expiredregistrationlink.ExpiredRegistrationLinkScreenTest.GoToLoginClicked sends GoToLoginClicked action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.account menu icon is present according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.account menu icon click should show the account switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.account click in the account switcher should send SwitchAccountClick and close switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.account long click in the account switcher should show the lock-or-logout dialog and close the switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.lock button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should send LockAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.logout button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the logout confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.logout button click in the logout confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.remove account button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the remove account confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.remove account button click in the remove account confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.continue button should be enabled or disabled according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.continue button click should send ContinueButtonClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.remember me should be toggled on or off according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.remember me click should send RememberMeToggle action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.create account click should send CreateAccountClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.email address should change according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.email address change should send EmailInputChanged action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.selecting environment should send EnvironmentOptionSelect action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.error dialog should be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.error dialog OK click should send DialogDismiss action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.account already added dialog should be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.account already added dialog Cancel click should send DialogDismiss action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.landing.LandingScreenTest.account already added dialog Yes click should send ConfirmSwitchToMatchingAccountClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.account menu icon is present according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.account menu icon click should show the account switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.account click in the account switcher should send SwitchAccountClick and close switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.add account click in the account switcher should send AddAccountClick and close switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.account long click in the account switcher should show the lock-or-logout dialog and close the switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.lock button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should send LockAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.logout button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the logout confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.logout button click in the logout confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.remove account button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the remove account confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.remove account button click in the remove account confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.log in with device button visibility should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.close button click should send CloseButtonClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.Not you text click should send NotYouButtonClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.master password hint text click should send MasterPasswordHintClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.master password hint option menu click should send MasterPasswordHintClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.login.LoginScreenTest.password input change should send PasswordInputChanged action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.loginwithdevice.LoginWithDeviceScreenTest.close button click should send CloseButtonClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.loginwithdevice.LoginWithDeviceScreenTest.dismissing dialog should send DismissDialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.loginwithdevice.LoginWithDeviceScreenTest.resend notification click should send ResendNotificationClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.loginwithdevice.LoginWithDeviceScreenTest.view all log in options click should send ViewAllLogInOptionsClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.loginwithdevice.LoginWithDeviceScreenTest.progress bar should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.loginwithdevice.LoginWithDeviceScreenTest.progress dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.loginwithdevice.LoginWithDeviceScreenTest.error dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordgenerator.MasterPasswordGeneratorScreenTest.Generated password field state should update with ViewModel state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordgenerator.MasterPasswordGeneratorScreenTest.Verify clicking the back navigation button sends correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordgenerator.MasterPasswordGeneratorScreenTest.Verify clicking the save text button sends correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordgenerator.MasterPasswordGeneratorScreenTest.Verify clicking the generate button sends correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordgenerator.MasterPasswordGeneratorScreenTest.Verify clicking the learn to prevent lockout text sends correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordguidance.MasterPasswordGuidanceScreenTest.Close button click should invoke send of CloseAction
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordguidance.MasterPasswordGuidanceScreenTest.Generator card click should invoke send of TryPasswordGeneratorAction
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordhint.MasterPasswordHintScreenTest.email input change should send EmailInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordhint.MasterPasswordHintScreenTest.should show success dialog when PasswordHintSent state is set
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordhint.MasterPasswordHintScreenTest.should show error dialog when Error state is set
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordhint.MasterPasswordHintScreenTest.should show loading dialog when Loading state is set
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.masterpasswordhint.MasterPasswordHintScreenTest.clicking ok in dialog should send DismissDialog action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeEmailAccessScreenTest.Do you have reliable access to your email should be toggled on or off according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeEmailAccessScreenTest.Do you have reliable access to your email click should send EmailAccessToggle action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeEmailAccessScreenTest.Continue button click should send ContinueButtonClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeTwoFactorScreenTest.onNavigateBack should send action to viewModel
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeTwoFactorScreenTest.Turn on two-step verification click should send TurnOnTwoFactorClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeTwoFactorScreenTest.Change account email click should send ChangeAccountEmailClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeTwoFactorScreenTest.Remind me later click should send RemindMeLaterClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeTwoFactorScreenTest.remind me later button visibility should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeTwoFactorScreenTest.turn on two factor dialog should be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeTwoFactorScreenTest.change account email dialog should be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.newdevicenotice.NewDeviceNoticeTwoFactorScreenTest.dialog should be hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.preventaccountlockout.PreventAccountLockoutScreenTest.When navigation button is clicked CloseClickAction is sent
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.removepassword.RemovePasswordScreenTest.dialog should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.removepassword.RemovePasswordScreenTest.description should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.removepassword.RemovePasswordScreenTest.continue button should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.removepassword.RemovePasswordScreenTest.continue button click should emit ContinueClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.basicDialog should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.loadingDialog should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.logout button click from more menu should display confirmation dialog and emit ConfirmLogoutClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.submit button click should emit SubmitClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.instructions text should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.detailed instructions should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.current password input change should send CurrentPasswordInputChanged action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.current password field should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.password input change should send PasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.retype password input change should send RetypePasswordInputChanged action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.password hint input change should send PasswordHintInputChanged action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.toggling one password field visibility should toggle the other
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.resetPassword.ResetPasswordScreenTest.When learn new ways text is clicked, send correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.setpassword.SetPasswordScreenTest.basicDialog should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.setpassword.SetPasswordScreenTest.loadingDialog should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.setpassword.SetPasswordScreenTest.cancel button click should emit CancelClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.setpassword.SetPasswordScreenTest.submit button click should emit SubmitClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.setpassword.SetPasswordScreenTest.password input change should send PasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.setpassword.SetPasswordScreenTest.retype password input change should send RetypePasswordInputChanged action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.setpassword.SetPasswordScreenTest.password hint input change should send PasswordHintInputChanged action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.setpassword.SetPasswordScreenTest.toggling one password field visibility should toggle the other
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.close click should send CloseClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.email input change should send EmailInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.name input change should send NameInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.clicking OK on the error dialog should send ErrorDialogDismiss action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.when BasicDialogState is Shown should show dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.clicking the server tool tip should send ServerGeologyHelpClickAction
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.server tool tip should not exist if not in new onboarding ui
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.when environment selected in dialog should send EnvironmentTypeSelect action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.when continue button clicked should send ContinueClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.when unsubscribe custom action invoked should send UnsubscribeMarketingEmailsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.when terms and conditions custom action invoked should send TermsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.startregistration.StartRegistrationScreenTest.when privacy policy custom action invoked should send TermsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.on back click should send BackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.on remember toggle changed should send RememberToggle
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.continue button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.on continue clicked should send ContinueClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.other device button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.on approve with device clicked should send ApproveWithDeviceClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.admin approval button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.on approve with admin clicked should send ApproveWithAdminClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.master password button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.on approve with master password clicked should send ApproveWithPasswordClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.on not you clicked should send NotYouClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.remember this device toggle should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.email and environment label should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.trusteddevice.TrustedDeviceScreenTest.dialog should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.basicDialog should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.close button click should send CloseButtonClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.code input change should send CodeInputChanged action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.continue button click should send ContinueButtonClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.continue button enabled state should update according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.continue button text should update according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.description text should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.loadingOverlay should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.remember me click should send RememberMeToggle action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.remember me should be toggled on or off according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.resend email button click should send ResendEmailClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.resend email button visibility should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.input field visibility should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.options menu icon click should show the auth method options
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.options menu option click should should send SelectAuthMethod and close the menu
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.title text should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.remember me should not be visible if isNewDeviceVerification is true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.if isNewDeviceVerification is true description should contain We don't recognize this device string
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.twofactorlogin.TwoFactorLoginScreenTest.if isNewDeviceVerification is false description should not contain We don't recognize this device string
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.account icon click should show the account switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.account click in the account switcher should send AccountSwitchClick and close switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.add account click in the account switcher should send AddAccountClick and close switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.account long click in the account switcher should show the lock-or-logout dialog and close the switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.title should change according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.message should change according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.input label should change according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.lock button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should send LockAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.logout button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the logout confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.logout button click in the logout confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.remove account button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the remove account confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.remove account button click in the remove account confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.logout click in the overflow menu should show the logout confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.Yes click in the logout confirmation dialog should send the ConfirmLogoutClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.email state change should update logged in as text
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.environment url state change should update logged in as text
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.input state change should update unlock button enabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.unlock click should send UnlockClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.keyboard Done event should send UnlockClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.state with input and without biometrics should request focus on input field
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.input change should send InputChanged action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.unlock with biometrics click should send BiometricsUnlockClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.biometric invalidated message should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.account button should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.input field and unlock button should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.biometrics not supported dialog shows correctly
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.DismissBiometricsNoLongerSupportedDialog should be sent when dialog is dismissed
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.vaultunlock.VaultUnlockScreenTest.when biometric is needed but no longer supported BiometricsNoLongerSupported action is sent
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.welcome.WelcomeScreenTest.pages should display and update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.welcome.WelcomeScreenTest.pages should display and update according to state in landscape mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.welcome.WelcomeScreenTest.create account button click should send CreateAccountClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.auth.feature.welcome.WelcomeScreenTest.login button click should send LoginClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.base.util.StringRestExtensionsTest.toAnnotatedString should add Clickable LinkAnnotation to highlighted string
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.base.util.StringRestExtensionsTest.toAnnotatedString should add multiple Clickable LinkAnnotations to highlighted string
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.base.util.StringRestExtensionsTest.no link annotations should be applied to non annotated string resource
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.base.util.StringRestExtensionsTest.string with args should only use the arguments available in the string
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.base.util.StringRestExtensionsTest.string with arg annotations but no passed in args should just append empty string
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.base.util.StringRestExtensionsTest.string with no annotations with args should just be handled as normal annotated string
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.onNavigateBack should send action to viewModel
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.feature flag content should not display if the state is empty
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.feature flag content should display if the state is not empty
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.boolean feature flag content should send action when clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.reset feature flag values should send action when clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.restart onboarding should send action when enabled and clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.restart onboarding should not send action when not enabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.Show onboarding carousel should send action when enabled and clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.show onboarding carousel should not send action when not enabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.debugmenu.DebugMenuScreenTest.reset all coach mark tours should send ResetCoachMarkTourStatuses action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking back button should send BackClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.progressbar should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.error text and retry should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.empty text should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.display items text should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking on a display item should send ItemClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking on a display item with autofill options should open the autofill option selection dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking on cancel in selection dialog should close dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking on autofill option in selection dialog when no reprompt required should send AutofillItemClick and close dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking on autofill option in selection dialog when reprompt is required should show master password dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking on autofill-and-save option in selection dialog when no reprompt required should send AutofillAndSaveItemClick and close dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking on autofill-and-save option in selection dialog when reprompt is required should show master password dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking on view option in selection dialog when no reprompt required should send ItemClick and close dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking on totp when reprompt is required should show master password dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking cancel on the master password dialog should close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking submit on the master password dialog for autofill should close the dialog and send MasterPasswordRepromptSubmit
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking submit on the master password dialog for autofill-and-save should close the dialog and send MasterPasswordRepromptSubmit
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.topBar search placeholder should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.on cipher item overflow click should display options dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.on cipher item overflow option click should emit the appropriate action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.on cipher item overflow item click when reprompt required should show the master password dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.clicking submit on the master password dialog for overflow item should close the dialog and send MasterPasswordRepromptSubmit
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.on send item overflow click should display dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.on send item overflow option click should emit the appropriate action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.on send item delete overflow option click should display delete confirmation dialog and emits DeleteSendConfirmClick on confirmation
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.error dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.search.SearchScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.on back click should send BackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.on give feedback click should display confirmation dialog and confirm click should emit GiveFeedbackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.on bitwarden help center click should display confirmation dialog and confirm click should emit HelpCenterClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.on privacy policy click should display confirmation dialog and confirm click should emit PrivacyPolicyClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.on bitwarden web vault click should display confirmation dialog and confirm click should emit WebVaultClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.on learn about organizations click should display confirmation dialog and confirm click should emit LearnAboutOrganizationsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.submit crash logs switch should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.on submit crash logs toggle should send SubmitCrashLogsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.on version info click should send VersionClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.version should update according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.about.AboutScreenTest.copyright info should update according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on Log out click should send LogoutClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on pending login requests click should send PendingLoginRequestsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should send EnableBiometricsClick when isUnlockWithBiometricsEnabled is false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should send UnlockWithBiometricToggleDisabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should un-toggle on cancel
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should un-toggle on error
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should un-toggle on lock out
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics toggle should send UnlockWithBiometricToggleEnabled on success
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with biometrics should be toggled on or off according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.unlock option section should be displayed according to state if biometrics is available
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.unlock option section should be displayed according to state if biometrics is not available
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.unlock with pin toggle should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with pin toggle when enabled should send UnlockWithPinToggle Disabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with pin toggle when disabled should show the PIN input dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle PendingEnabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.PIN input dialog Cancel click should clear the dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle Disabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.PIN input dialog Submit click with empty pin should clear the dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle Disabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.PIN input dialog Submit click with non-empty pin and isUnlockWithPasswordEnabled true should show a confirmation dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle PendingEnabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.PIN input dialog Submit click with non-empty pin and isUnlockWithPasswordEnabled false should show a confirmation dialog and send UnlockWithPinToggle Enabled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.PIN confirmation dialog No click should send UnlockWithPinToggle Enabled and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.PIN confirmation dialog Yes click should send UnlockWithPinToggle Enabled and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on unlock with pin code should be toggled on or off according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.session timeout policy warning should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.session timeout should be updated on or off according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout click should show a selection dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout click should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout selection dialog cancel click should close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout selection non-Never timeout type click should send VaultTimeoutTypeSelect and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout selection Never timeout type click should show a confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout Never confirmation dialog Cancel click should close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout Never confirmation dialog Ok click should close the dialog and emit VaultTimeoutTypeSelect
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.custom session timeout should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.custom session timeout click should show a time-picker dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.custom session timeout dialog Cancel click should dismiss the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.custom session timeout dialog Ok click should dismiss the dialog and send CustomVaultTimeoutSelect
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.custom session timeout dialog Ok click should dismiss the dialog and show an error if value exceeds policy limit
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout action click should show a selection dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout action dialog Lock click should close the dialog and send VaultTimeoutActionSelect
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout action dialog Logout click should open a confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout action Logout confirmation dialog cancel click should dismiss the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout action Logout confirmation dialog Yes click should dismiss the dialog and send VaultTimeoutActionSelect
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on session timeout action dialog cancel click should close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.session timeout action should be updated according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on two-step login click should display confirmation dialog and confirm click should send TwoStepLoginClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on change master password click should display confirmation dialog and confirm should send ChangeMasterPasswordClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on Lock now click should send LockNowClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on delete account click should send DeleteAccountClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on back click should send BackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.confirm dialog be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on confirm logout click should send ConfirmLogoutClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on cancel click should send DismissDialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.Error dialog should be shown or hidden according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.Error dialog dismiss should send DismissDialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.fingerprint phrase dialog should be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on close click should send DismissDialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.on learn more click should send FingerPrintLearnMoreClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.change master password row should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.lock now row should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.sync with Bitwarden authenticator UI should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.sync with Bitwarden authenticator click should send AuthenticatorSyncToggle action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.unlock action card should show when state is true and hide when false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.when unlock action card is visible clicking the cta button should send correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.AccountSecurityScreenTest.when unlock action card is visible clicking dismissing should send correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccount.DeleteAccountScreenTest.cancel click should emit CancelClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccount.DeleteAccountScreenTest.loading dialog presence should update with dialog state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccount.DeleteAccountScreenTest.error dialog presence should update with dialog state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccount.DeleteAccountScreenTest.delete success dialog presence should update with dialog state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccount.DeleteAccountScreenTest.delete success dialog dismiss should emit DeleteAccountAction
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccount.DeleteAccountScreenTest.delete account dialog should dismiss on cancel click
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccount.DeleteAccountScreenTest.delete account dialog should emit DeleteAccountClick on submit click
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccountconfirmation.DeleteAccountConfirmationScreenTest.loading dialog presence should update with dialog state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccountconfirmation.DeleteAccountConfirmationScreenTest.error dialog presence should update with dialog state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccountconfirmation.DeleteAccountConfirmationScreenTest.delete success dialog presence should update with dialog state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccountconfirmation.DeleteAccountConfirmationScreenTest.delete success dialog dismiss should emit DeleteAccountAction
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccountconfirmation.DeleteAccountConfirmationScreenTest.Delete account button click should emit DeleteAccountClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccountconfirmation.DeleteAccountConfirmationScreenTest.Resend code button click should emit ResendCodeClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.deleteaccountconfirmation.DeleteAccountConfirmationScreenTest.Verification code text input should emit VerificationCodeTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.loginapproval.LoginApprovalScreenTest.on Confirm login should send ApproveRequestClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.loginapproval.LoginApprovalScreenTest.on Deny login should send DeclineRequestClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.loginapproval.LoginApprovalScreenTest.on error dialog dismiss click should send ErrorDialogDismiss
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.loginapproval.LoginApprovalScreenTest.on change account dialog confirm click should send ApproveAccountChangeClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.loginapproval.LoginApprovalScreenTest.on change account dialog dismiss click should send CancelAccountChangeClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.pendingrequests.PendingRequestsScreenTest.on decline all requests confirmation should send DeclineAllRequestsConfirm
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.pendingrequests.PendingRequestsScreenTest.on decline all requests cancel should hide confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.pendingrequests.PendingRequestsScreenTest.on skip for now click should emit HideBottomSheet
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.accountsecurity.pendingrequests.PendingRequestsScreenTest.on Enable notifications click should emit HideBottomSheet
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.appearance.AppearanceScreenTest.on back click should send BackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.appearance.AppearanceScreenTest.on language row click should display language selection dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.appearance.AppearanceScreenTest.on language selection dialog item click should send LanguageChange and show dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.appearance.AppearanceScreenTest.on language selection dialog cancel click should dismiss dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.appearance.AppearanceScreenTest.on theme row click should display theme selection dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.appearance.AppearanceScreenTest.on theme selection dialog item click should send ThemeChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.appearance.AppearanceScreenTest.on theme selection dialog cancel click should dismiss dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.appearance.AppearanceScreenTest.on show website icons row click should send ShowWebsiteIconsToggled
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on NavigateToAutofillSettings should attempt to navigate to system settings and not show the fallback dialog when result is a success
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on NavigateToAutofillSettings should attempt to navigate to system settings and show the fallback dialog when result is not a success
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on NavigateToSettings should attempt to navigate to credential manager settings
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on use accessibility click with accessibility already enabled should emit UseAccessibilityAutofillClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on use accessibility click with accessibility already disabled should display disclosure dialog and declining closes the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on use accessibility click with accessibility already disabled should display disclosure dialog and accepting closes the dialog and emits UseAccessibilityAutofillClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on autofill settings fallback dialog Ok click should dismiss the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on auto fill services toggle should send AutoFillServicesClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.auto fill services should be toggled on or off according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on use inline auto fill toggle should send UseInlineAutofillClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.use inline autofill should be toggled on or off according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.use inline autofill should be disabled or enabled according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on passkey management click should display confirmation dialog and confirm click should emit PasskeyManagementClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.passkey management row should not appear according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.use inline autofill should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on copy TOTP automatically toggle should send CopyTotpAutomaticallyClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.copy TOTP automatically should be toggled on or off according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on ask to add login toggle should send AskToAddLoginClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.ask to add login should be toggled on or off according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on default URI match type click should display dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on default URI match type dialog item click should send DefaultUriMatchTypeSelect and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on default URI match type dialog cancel click should close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.default URI match type should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on back click should send BackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.on block auto fill click should send BlockAutoFillClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.autofill action card should show when state is true and hide when false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.when autofill card is visible clicking the cta button should send correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.AutoFillScreenTest.when autofill action card is visible clicking dismissing should send correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.on back click should send BackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.Screen should display empty state view when in ViewState Empty
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.Screen should display content state view when in ViewState Content
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.empty state should display 'New blocked URI' button
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.on add URI button click should send AddUriClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.on FAB button click should send AddUriClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.on URI item click should send EditUriClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.should show add URI dialog according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.clicking a uri from the list should send EditUriClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.should display error message in dialog when there is a error in the dialog state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.clicking save in dialog should send SaveUri action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.clicking cancel in dialog should send DismissDialog action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.autofill.blockautofill.BlockAutoFillScreenTest.clicking remove in dialog should send RemoveUriClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.basicDialog should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.progress dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.close button click should send CloseButtonClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.export vault button click should display confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.confirm export vault button click should send ConfirmExportClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.policy text should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.file format selection button should send ExportFormatOptionSelect action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.file format selection button should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.loadingDialog should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.confirm file password input change should send ConfirmFilePasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.file password input change should send FilePasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.send code click should send SendCodeClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.verification code input change should send PasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.send code button and verification input field should appear based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.master password field should appear based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.exportvault.ExportVaultScreenTest.password input change should send PasswordInputChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.addedit.FolderAddEditScreenTest.clicking save button should send SaveClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.addedit.FolderAddEditScreenTest.overflow menu should only be displayed in edit mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.addedit.FolderAddEditScreenTest.clicking overflow menu and delete, and cancel should dismiss the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.addedit.FolderAddEditScreenTest.clicking overflow menu and delete, and delete confirmation again should send a DeleteClick Action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.addedit.FolderAddEditScreenTest.error text should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.addedit.FolderAddEditScreenTest.error dialog should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.addedit.FolderAddEditScreenTest.loading dialog should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.addedit.FolderAddEditScreenTest.content should be displayed according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.FoldersScreenTest.close button click should send CloseButtonClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.FoldersScreenTest.add folder button click should send AddFolderButtonClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.FoldersScreenTest.error text should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.FoldersScreenTest.folders should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.folders.FoldersScreenTest.clicking on a folder should send FolderClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.on allow screen capture confirm should send AllowScreenCaptureToggle
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.on allow screen capture cancel should dismiss dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.on allow screen capture row click should display confirm enable screen capture dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.on allow sync toggle should send AllowSyncToggle
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.on back click should send BackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.on clear clipboard row click should show show clipboard selection dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.on clear clipboard dialog item click should send ClearClipboardFrequencyChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.on clear clipboard dialog cancel should dismiss dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.on sync now button click should send SyncNowButtonClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.other.OtherScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on about row click should emit SettingsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on account security row click should emit SettingsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on appearance row click should emit SettingsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on auto-fill row click should emit SettingsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on other row click should emit SettingsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on vault row click should emit SettingsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on NavigateAbout should call onNavigateToAbout
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on NavigateAccountSecurity should call onNavigateToAccountSecurity
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on NavigateAccountSecurity should call NavigateAppearance
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on NavigateAccountSecurity should call onNavigateToAutoFill
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on NavigateAccountSecurity should call onNavigateToOther
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on NavigateAccountSecurity should call NavigateVault
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.on NavigateAccountSecurityShortcut should call onNavigateToAccountSecurity
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.SettingsScreenTest.Settings screen should show correct number of notification badges based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.on back click should send BackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.export vault click should send ExportVaultClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.import items click should display dialog and confirming should send ImportItemsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.import items click should display dialog & canceling should not send ImportItemsClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.import items click should display dialog with importUrl
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.when new logins feature flag is enabled send action right when import items is clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.when new show action card is true the import logins card should show
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.when action card is visible clicking the close icon should send correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.when action card is visible get started button should send correct action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.when ShowSnackbar is sent snackbar should be displayed
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.settings.vault.VaultSettingsScreenTest.when snackbar is displayed clicking on it should dismiss
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.vault tab click should send VaultTabClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.NavigateToVaultScreen should navigate to VaultScreen
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.NavigateToVaultScreen shortcut event should navigate to VaultScreen
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.NavigateToSettingsScreen shortcut event should navigate to SettingsScreen
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.send tab click should send SendTabClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.NavigateToSendScreen should navigate to SendScreen
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.generator tab click should send GeneratorTabClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.NavigateToGeneratorScreen should navigate to GeneratorScreen
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.NavigateToGeneratorScreen  shortcut event should navigate to GeneratorScreen
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.settings tab click should send SendTabClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.NavigateToSettingsScreen should navigate to SettingsScreen
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.vault nav bar should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.platform.feature.vaultunlockednavbar.VaultUnlockedNavBarScreenTest.settings tab notification count should update according to state and show correct count
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.ModalAppBar should be displayed for Password Mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.ModalAppBar should be displayed for Username Mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.on close click should send CloseClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.on save click should send SaveClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.DefaultAppBar should be displayed for Default Mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.MainTypeOption select control should be hidden for password mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.MainTypeOption select control should be hidden for username mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.Snackbar should be displayed with correct message on ShowSnackbar event
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.clicking the Regenerate button should send RegenerateClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.clicking the Copy button should send CopyClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.clicking a MainStateOption should send MainTypeOptionSelect action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.clicking a UsernameOption should send UsernameTypeOption action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, the ViewModel state should update the UI correctly
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, adjusting the slider should send SliderLengthChange action with length not equal to default
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, toggling the capital letters toggle should send ToggleCapitalLettersChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, toggling the use lowercase toggle should send ToggleLowercaseLettersChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, toggling the use numbers toggle should send ToggleNumbersChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, toggling the use special characters toggle should send ToggleSpecialCharactersChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, decrementing the minimum numbers counter should send MinNumbersCounterChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, incrementing the minimum numbers counter should send MinNumbersCounterChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, decrementing the minimum numbers counter below 0 should do nothing
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, incrementing the minimum numbers counter above 9 should do nothing
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, decrementing the minimum special characters counter should send MinSpecialCharactersChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, incrementing the minimum special characters counter should send MinSpecialCharactersChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, decrementing the minimum special characters below 0 should do nothing
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, decrementing the minimum special characters above 9 should do nothing
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, toggling the use avoid ambiguous characters toggle should send ToggleSpecialCharactersChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, disabled elements should not send events
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, minimum numbers cannot go below minimum threshold
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, maximum numbers should match minimum if lower
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, minimum special characters cannot go below minimum threshold
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Password state, maximum special should match minimum if lower 
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Passphrase state, disabled elements should not send events
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Passphrase state, minimum number of words cannot go below minimum threshold
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Passphrase state, decrementing number of words should send NumWordsCounterChange action with decremented value
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Passphrase state, decrementing number of words under 3 should do nothing
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Passphrase state, incrementing number of words over 20 should do nothing
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Passphrase state, incrementing number of words should send NumWordsCounterChange action with incremented value
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Passphrase state, toggling capitalize should send ToggleCapitalizeChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Passphrase state, toggling the include number toggle should send ToggleIncludeNumberChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Passphrase state, updating text in word separator should send WordSeparatorTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias state, updating the service type should send ServiceTypeOptionSelect action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_AddyIo state, updating access token text input should send AccessTokenTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_AddyIo state, updating domain name text input should send DomainTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_AddyIo state, updating self host server url text input should send SelfHostServerUrlChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_AddyIo state, self host server url field should show based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_DuckDuckGo state, updating api key text input should send ApiKeyTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_FastMail state, updating api key text input should send ApiKeyTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_FirefoxRelay state, updating access token text input should send AccessTokenTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_SimpleLogin state, updating api key text input should send ApiKeyTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_SimpleLogin state, updating self host server url text input should send SelfHostServerUrlChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_SimpleLogin state, should display self host server url field based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_ForwardEmail state, updating api key text input should send ApiKeyTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_ForwardedEmailAlias_ForwardEmail state, updating domain name text input should send DomainNameChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username state, clicking the tooltip icon should send the TooltipClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_PlusAddressedEmail state, updating text in email field should send EmailTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_CatchAllEmail state, updating text in email field should send EmailTextChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_RandomWord state, toggling capitalize should send ToggleCapitalizeChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.in Username_RandomWord state, toggling the include number toggle should send ToggleIncludeNumberChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.Explore generator card shows when default mode and shouldShowCoachMarkTour is true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.Explore generator card does not show when default mode and shouldShowCoachMarkTour is false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.Explore generator card does not show when modal mode and shouldShowCoachMarkTour is true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.Explore generator card does not when default mode, shouldShowCoachMarkTour is true, and main type is not password
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.Clicking close button on generator card send ExploreGeneratorCardDismissed action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.Clicking call to action button on generator card send StartExploreGeneratorTour action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.when StartCoachMarkTour event is received the first coach mark is shown and onDimNavBarRequest sends value of true 
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.when a coach mark close button is clicked no coach mark should be showing and onDimNavBarRequest sends the value of false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.when a coach mark next button is clicked should progress to the next coach mark
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.when a coach mark back button is clicked should return to previous coach mark
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.GeneratorScreenTest.The full coach mark tour can be completed showing all steps
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.passwordhistory.PasswordHistoryScreenTest.Empty state should display no passwords message
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.passwordhistory.PasswordHistoryScreenTest.Error state should display error message
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.passwordhistory.PasswordHistoryScreenTest.navigation icon click should trigger navigate back
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.passwordhistory.PasswordHistoryScreenTest.clicking the Copy button should send PasswordCopyClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.passwordhistory.PasswordHistoryScreenTest.clicking the Clear button in the overflow menu should send PasswordClearClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.passwordhistory.PasswordHistoryScreenTest.Clear button should depend on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.generator.passwordhistory.PasswordHistoryScreenTest.Content state should display list of passwords
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on close icon click should send CloseClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.display navigation icon according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on save click should send SaveClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on overflow button click should display overflow menu
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on overflow button click should only display delete when policy disables send
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.overflow remove password button should be hidden when hasPassword is false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on overflow remove password button click should send RemovePasswordClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on overflow remove Share link button click should send ShareLinkClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on overflow Delete button click should Display delete confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on delete confirmation dialog yes click should send DeleteClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on overflow remove Copy link button click should send CopyLinkClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.policy warning should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on name input change should send NameChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.name input should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.segmented buttons should appear based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.File segmented button click should send FileTypeClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.Text segmented button click should send TextTypeClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.Choose file button click with permission should send ChooseFileClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.Choose file button click without permission should request permission and send ChooseFileClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.text input change should send TextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.text input should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.hide by default toggle should send HideByDefaultToggle
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.hide text toggle should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.options sections should start hidden and show after options clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.max access count decrement should be disabled when max access count is null
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.max access count decrement should send MaxAccessCountChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on max access count increment should send MaxAccessCountChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on password input change should send PasswordChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.password input should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on notes input change should send NoteChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.note input should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.on hide email toggle should send HideMyEmailToggle
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.hide email toggle should change according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.hide email toggle should be disabled according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.progressbar should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.error should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.error dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.error dialog Ok click should send DismissDialogClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.addsend.AddSendScreenTest.policy send options text should be displayed based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on overflow item click should display menu
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on sync click should send SyncClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on lock click should send LockClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on about send click should send AboutSendClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.policy warning should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.fab should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on add item FAB click should send AddItemClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on add item click should send AddItemClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on search click should send SearchClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.progressbar should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.error should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on try again click should send send RefreshClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.text type count should be updated according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.text type row click should send TextTypeClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.file type count should be updated according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.file type row click should send FileTypeClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on send item click should send SendClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.send item overflow button should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on send item overflow click should display dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on send item overflow dialog edit click should send SendClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on send item overflow dialog copy click should send CopyClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on send item overflow dialog share link click should send ShareClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on send item overflow dialog remove password click should send RemovePasswordClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on send item overflow dialog delete click should show confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on delete confirmation dialog yes click should send DeleteSendClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.on send item overflow dialog cancel click should close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.error dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.tools.feature.send.SendScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Fido2Error dialog should display based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.fido2 master password prompt dialog should display based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.fido2 master password error dialog should display based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.fido2 pin prompt dialog should display based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.fido2 pin error dialog should display based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.fido2 pin set up prompt dialog should display based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.fido2 pin set up error dialog should display based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking dismiss dialog on Fido2Error dialog should send Fido2ErrorDialogDismissed action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.close button should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking close button should send CloseClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking save button should send SaveClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking dismiss dialog button on InitialAutofillPrompt should send InitialAutofillDialogDismissed action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.InitialAutofillPrompt is shown according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking dismiss dialog button should send DismissDialog action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.dialog should display when state is updated to do so
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.error text and retry should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.progressbar should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state the password should change according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state changing password visibility state should send PasswordVisibilityChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state changing Username text field should trigger UsernameTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login the Username control should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking Username text field generator action with non empty username should open dialog that triggers OpenUsernameGeneratorClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking Username generator icon with empty username field should trigger OpenPasswordGeneratorClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking Password checker action should trigger PasswordCheckerClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking Password text field generator action with non empty password field should open dialog that triggers OpenPasswordGeneratorClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking Password generator icon with empty password field should trigger OpenPasswordGeneratorClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state changing Password text field should trigger PasswordTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login the Password control should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state the Passkey should change according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state the totp text field should be present based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state the totp text field click on trailing icon should call ClearTotpKeyClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking the copy totp code button should trigger CopyTotpKeyClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking the camera totp code button should trigger SetupTotpClick with result
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state Set up authenticator key button should always be present
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking SetupTOTP button with a positive result should send true if permission check returns true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking SetupTOTP button with a positive result should send true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking Set up authenticator key button with a negative result should send false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state the SetupAuthenticatorKey button should be visible but disabled based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state the TOTP text field should be visible but disabled and the associated icon buttons should be invisible based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Clicking the Authenticator key tooltip sends AuthenticatorHelpToolTipClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state changing URI text field should trigger UriValueChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login the URI control should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login Uri settings dialog should be dismissed on cancel click
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login Uri settings dialog should send RemoveUriClick action if remove is clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login Uri settings dialog with open match detection click should open list of options
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login on URI settings click and on match detection click and option click should emit UriValueChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login on URI settings click and on match detection click and cancel click should dismiss the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Login state clicking the New URI button should trigger AddNewUriClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity selecting a title should trigger TitleSelected
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the Title should display the selected title from the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing the first name text field should trigger FirstNameTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the first name text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing the middle name text field should trigger MiddleNameTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the middle name text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing the last name text field should trigger LastNameTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the last name text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing username text field should trigger UsernameTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the username text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing company text field should trigger CompanyTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the company text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing SSN text field should trigger CompanyTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the SSN text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing passport number text field should trigger PassportNumberTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the passport number text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing license number text field should trigger LicenseNumberTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the license number text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing email text field should trigger EmailTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the email text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing address1 text field should trigger Address1TextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the address1 text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing address2 text field should trigger Address2TextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the address2 text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing address3 text field should trigger Address3TextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the address3 text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing city text field should trigger CityTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the city text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing zip text field should trigger ZipTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the zip text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing country text field should trigger CountryTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity changing state text field should trigger CityTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the state province text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Identity the country text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card changing the card holder name text field should trigger CardHolderNameTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card the card holder name text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card changing the number text field should trigger NumberTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card changing number visibility should trigger NumberVisibilityChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card the number text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card selecting a brand should trigger BrandSelected
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card the Brand should display the selected brand from the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card selecting an expiration month should trigger ExpirationMonthSelected
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card the Expiration month should display the selected expiration month from the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card changing the expiration year text field should trigger ExpirationYearTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card the expiration year text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card changing the security code text field should trigger SecurityCodeTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card changing code visibility should trigger SecurityCodeVisibilityChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_Card the security code text field should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking New Custom Field button should allow creation of Linked type
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking a Ownership option should send OwnershipChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.the Ownership control should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking a Collection should send CollectionSelect action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.ownership section should not be displayed when no organizations present
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Collection list should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.changing Name text field should trigger NameTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.the name control should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking a Folder Option should send SelectOrAddFolderForItem action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.the folder control should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.should show folder selection bottom sheet when state updates to true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.DismissFolderSelectionBottomSheet action sent when bottom sheet close button click
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Clicking add folder button in bottom sheet hides add button and replaced with TextField
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Editing the add folder text and clicking save send AddFolder action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Selecting existing option and clicking save on folder sheet sends FolderChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.toggling the favorite toggle should send ToggleFavorite action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.the favorite toggle should be enabled or disabled according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.toggling the Master password re-prompt toggle should send ToggleMasterPasswordReprompt action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.re-prompt toggle should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.the master password re-prompt toggle should be enabled or disabled according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.toggling the Master password re-prompt tooltip button should send TooltipClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.changing Notes text field should trigger NotesTextChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.the Notes control should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Ownership option should send OwnershipChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_SecureNotes the Ownership control should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking New Custom Field button should allow creation of Text type
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking New Custom Field button should not display linked type
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking New Custom Field button should allow creation of Boolean type
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking New Custom Field button should allow creation of Hidden type
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.changing hidden field visibility state should send HiddenFieldVisibilityChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking and changing the custom text field will send a CustomFieldValueChange event
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking and changing the custom hidden field will send a CustomFieldValueChange event
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking and changing the custom boolean field will send a CustomFieldValueChange event
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking custom field edit icon and Edit option sends a CustomFieldValueChange action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking custom field edit icon and Remove option sends a CustomFieldActionSelect remove action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking custom field edit icon and Move down option sends a CustomFieldActionSelect move down action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.clicking custom field edit icon and Move Up options sends a CustomFieldActionSelect move up action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Menu should display correct items when cipher is in a collection
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Menu Collections should display correctly according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Menu should display correct items when cipher is not in a collection
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.should display policy warning when personal vault is disabled for add item type
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.should not display policy warning when personal vault is disabled for edit item type
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Delete dialog ok click should send ConfirmDeleteClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Delete dialog cancel click should dismiss the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.OverwritePasskeyConfirmationPrompt should display based on dialog state and send ConfirmOverwriteExistingPasskeyClick on Ok click
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_SshKeys the public key field should be read only
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_SshKeys the private key field should be read only
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_SshKeys the fingerprint field should be read only
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.in ItemType_SshKeys changing the private key visibility should trigger PrivateKeyVisibilityChange
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.CoachMark tour starts when StartAddLoginItemCoachMarkTour event received
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.CoachMark tour able to move forward and backward between coach marks
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.Clicking close on a coach mark should end the tour
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.CoachMark tour is closed when user clicks done on final coach mark
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.learn about add logins card should show when state is add mode, login type content, and should show coach mark tour is true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.learn about add logins card should not show when state is add mode, login type content, and should show coach mark tour is false
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.learn about add logins card should not show when state is edit mode, login type content, and should show coach mark tour is true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.learn about add logins card should not show when state is add mode, card type content, and should show coach mark tour is true
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.when learn about logins card is showing, clicking the close button sends LearnAboutLoginsDismissed action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.addedit.VaultAddEditScreenTest.when learn about logins card is showing, clicking the call to action sends StartLearnAboutLogins action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.on back click should send BackClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.on save click should send SaveClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.on choose file click should send ChooseFileClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.progressbar should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.error should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.content with no items should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.content with items should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.on delete click should display confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.on confirm delete click should send DeleteClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.error dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.attachments.AttachmentsScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.when close icon clicked, CloseClick action is sent
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.when get started clicked, GetStartedClick action is sent
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.when import later clicked, ImportLaterClick action is sent
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.dialog content is shown when state updates and is hidden when null
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.when dialog state is GetStarted, GetStarted dialog is shown and sends correct actions when clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.when dialog state is ImportLater, ImportLater dialog is shown and sends correct actions when clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.Step one content is displayed when view state is ImportStepOne
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.while on step one correct actions are sent when buttons are clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.Step two content is displayed when view state is ImportStepTwo
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.Step two content shows correct vault url when vault url is set
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.while on step two correct actions are sent when buttons are clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.Step three content is displayed when view state is ImportStepThree
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.while on step three correct actions are sent when buttons are clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.Loading content is displayed when dialog state is syncing
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.Error dialog is displayed when dialog state is Error
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.Error dialog is displayed when dialog state is Error for no logins
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.Success bottom sheet is shown when state is updated
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.SuccessfulSyncAcknowledged action is sent when bottom sheet CTA is clicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.importlogins.ImportLoginsScreenTest.SuccessfulSyncAcknowledged action is sent when bottom sheet is closed
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.on close click should send CloseClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.basic dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Ok click on generic dialog should emit DismissDialogClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.MasterPassword dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Ok click on master password dialog should emit DismissDialogClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.name should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.favorite icon should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.lastUpdated should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.notes should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.custom views should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.attachments should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.attachment download click for non-premium users should show an error dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.attachment download click for large downloads should show a prompt and dismiss when clicking No
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.attachment download click for large downloads should show a prompt and emit AttachmentDownloadClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.attachment download click for smaller downloads should emit AttachmentDownloadClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.on show hidden field click should send HiddenFieldVisibilityClicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.copy hidden field button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.on copy hidden field click should send CopyCustomHiddenFieldClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.on copy text field click should send CopyCustomTextFieldClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.text field copy button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state the password should change according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.menu Delete option should be displayed based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Delete dialog ok click should send ConfirmDeleteClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Delete Confirmation dialog text should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Clicking Restore should send RestoreVaultItemClick ViewModel action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Restore dialog should display correctly when dialog state changes
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Restore dialog should hide restore confirmation menu if dialog state changes
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Restore dialog ok click should send ConfirmRestoreClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Restore dialog cancel click should send DismissDialogClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Attachments option menu click should send AttachmentsClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Clone option menu click should send CloneClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Move to organization option menu click should send MoveToOrganizationClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.menu Collection option should be displayed based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Collections menu click should send CollectionsClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Menu should display correct items when cipher is in a collection
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.Menu should display correct items when cipher is not in a collection
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.on login copy notes field click should send CopyNotesClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.on identity copy notes field click should send CopyNotesClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.on card copy notes field click should send CopyNotesClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.on secure note copy notes field click should send CopyNotesClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.on ssh key copy notes field click should send CopyNotesClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, linked custom fields should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, on username copy click should send CopyUsernameClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, on breach check click should send CheckForBreachClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, on show password click should send PasswordVisibilityClicked
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, on copy password click should send CopyPasswordClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, the Passkey field should exist based on the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, the Passkey field should not exist based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, the Passkey field text should display creation date
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, the TOTP field should exist based on the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, TOTP item should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, on copy totp click should send CopyTotpClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, on totp help tooltip click should send AuthenticatorHelpToolTipClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, launch uri button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, copy uri button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, on launch URI click should send LaunchClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, on copy URI click should send CopyUriClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, on password history click should send PasswordHistoryClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.fab should be displayed according state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.error text and retry should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.progressbar should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, username should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, uris should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, password updated should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in login state, password history should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, identityName should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, username should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, company should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, ssn should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, passportNumber should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, licenseNumber should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, email should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, phone should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, address should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, on copy identity name field click should send CopyIdentityNameClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, on copy username field click should send CopyUsernameClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, on copy company field click should send CopyCompanyClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, on copy SSN field click should send CopySsnClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, on copy passport number field click should send CopyPassportNumberClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, on copy license number field click should send CopyLicenseNumberClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, on copy email field click should send CopyEmailClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, on copy phone field click should send CopyPhoneClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in identity state, on copy address field click should send CopyAddressClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in card state, cardholderName should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in card state, on show number click should send NumberVisibilityClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in card state the number should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in card state, on copy number click should send CopyNumberClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in card state, brand should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in card state, expiration should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in card state, on show code click should send CodeVisibilityClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in card state the security code should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in card state, on copy security code click should send CopySecurityCodeClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in ssh key state, public key should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in ssh key state, on copy public key click should send CopyPublicKeyClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in ssh key state, private key should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in ssh key state, on show private key click should send ShowPrivateKeyClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in ssh key state, on copy private key click should send CopyPrivateKeyClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in ssh key state, fingerprint should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.item.VaultItemScreenTest.in ssh key state, on copy fingerprint click should send CopyFingerprintClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.the app bar title should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.back button should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.overflow menu should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.account icon should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.account icon click should show the account switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.account click in the account switcher should send AccountSwitchClick and close switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.account long click in the account switcher should show the lock-or-logout dialog and close the switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.lock button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should send LockAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.logout button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the logout confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.logout button click in the logout confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.remove account button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the remove account confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.remove account button click in the remove account confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.clicking back button should send BackClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.search icon click should send SearchIconClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.policy warning should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.floating action button click should send AddItemClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.Add an Item button click should send AddItemClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.refresh button click should send RefreshClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.progressbar should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.error text and retry should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.Add an Item button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.empty text should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.floating action button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.Folders text should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.Folders text count should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.folderDisplayItems should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.Collections text should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.Collection text count should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.collectionDisplayItems should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.Items text should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.Items text count should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.displayItems should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.clicking on a display item when master password reprompt is not required should send ItemClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.clicking on a display item when master password reprompt is required for autofill should show the master password dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.clicking on a display item when master password reprompt is required for totp flow should show the master password dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.clicking cancel on the master password dialog should close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.clicking submit on the master password dialog should close the dialog and send MasterPasswordRepromptSubmit
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.topBar title should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.on overflow item click should display menu
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.on sync click should send SyncClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.on lock click should send LockClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.on cipher item overflow option click should emit the appropriate action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.on cipher item overflow option click when reprompt is required should show the master password dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.send item overflow item button should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.on send item overflow click should display dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.on send item overflow option click should emit the appropriate action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.on send item delete overflow option click should display delete confirmation dialog and emits DeleteSendConfirmClick on confirmation
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.error dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.fido2 master password prompt dialog should display and function according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.fido2 master password error dialog should display and function according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.fido2 pin prompt dialog should display and function according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.fido2 pin error dialog should display and function according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.fido2 pin set up dialog should display and function according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.fido2 pin set up error dialog should display and function according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.fido2 error dialog should display and function according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.OverwritePasskeyConfirmationPrompt should display based on dialog state and send ConfirmOverwriteExistingPasskeyClick on Ok click
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.VaultItemTypeSelection dialog state show vault item type selection dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.itemlisting.VaultItemListingScreenTest.when option is selected in VaultItemTypeSelection dialog add item action is sent
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.manualcodeentry.ManualCodeEntryScreenTests.clicking on manual text should send ScanQrCodeTextClick if camera permission is granted
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.manualcodeentry.ManualCodeEntryScreenTests.dialog should be dismissed on dismiss click in settings dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.manualcodeentry.ManualCodeEntryScreenTests.error dialog should be updated according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.manualcodeentry.ManualCodeEntryScreenTests.error dialog Ok click should emit DialogDismiss
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.manualcodeentry.ManualCodeEntryScreenTests.settings dialog should call SettingsClick action on confirm click
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.manualcodeentry.ManualCodeEntryScreenTests.CodeTextChanged will be sent when text for code is updated
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.manualcodeentry.ManualCodeEntryScreenTests.Authenticator key text should display the text provided by the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.manualcodeentry.ManualCodeEntryScreenTests.clicking Add TOTP button should send CodeSubmit action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.the app bar title should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.the app bar button text should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.the organization option field should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.the organization option field description should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.clicking close button should send BackClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.clicking move button should send MoveClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.selecting an organization should send OrganizationSelect action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.the organization option field should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.selecting a collection should send CollectionSelect action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.the collection list should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.loading dialog should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.movetoorganization.VaultMoveToOrganizationScreenTest.error dialog should display according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.qrcodescan.QrCodeScanScreenTest.clicking on manual text should send ManualEntryTextClick in landscape mode
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.qrcodescan.QrCodeScanScreenTest.clicking on manual text should send ManualEntryTextClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.app bar title should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.vault filter should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.vault filter menu click should display the filter selection dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.cancel click in the filter selection dialog should close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.vault filter click in the filter selection dialog should send VaultFilterTypeSelect and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.account icon click should show the account switcher and trigger the nav bar dim request
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.account click in the account switcher should send SwitchAccountClick and close switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.Add Account click in the account switcher should send AddAccountClick and close switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.account long click in the account switcher should show the lock-or-logout dialog and close the switcher
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.lock button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should send LockAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.logout button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the logout confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.logout button click in the logout confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.remove account button click in the lock-or-logout dialog should show the remove account confirmation dialog and hide the lock-or-logout dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.remove account button click in the remove account confirmation dialog should send LogoutAccountClick action and close the dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.overflow button click should show the overflow menu
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.sync click in the overflow menu should send SyncClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.lock click in the overflow menu should send LockClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.exit click in the overflow menu should show a confirmation dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.yes click in exit confirmation dialog should send ExitConfirmationClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.floating action button should be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.error dialog should be shown or hidden according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.OK button click in error dialog should send DialogDismiss
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.syncing dialog should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.Error screen should be shown according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.try again button click on the Error screen should send TryAgainClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.verification code click should call VerificationCodesClick 
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.search icon click should send SearchIconClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.floating action button click should send SelectAddItemType action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.add an item button click should send AddItemClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.totp section should be visible based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking totp section should emit VerificationCodesClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking a favorite item should send VaultItemClick with the correct item
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking a folder item should send FolderClick with the correct item
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.collection data should update according to the state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking a collection item should send CollectionClick with the correct item
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking a no folder item should send VaultItemClick with the correct item
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.login item count should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking a login item should send LoginGroupClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.card item count should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking a card item should send CardGroupClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.identity item count should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking an identity item should send IdentityGroupClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.secure note item count should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking a secure note item should send SecureNoteGroupClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.trash count should update according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.clicking trash item should send TrashClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.action card for importing logins should show based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.when import action card is showing, clicking it should send ImportLoginsClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.when import action card is showing, dismissing it should send DismissImportActionCard action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.when ShowSnackbar is sent snackbar should be displayed
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.when snackbar is displayed clicking on it should dismiss
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.SSH key group header should display correctly based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.SSH key vault items should display correctly based on state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.SelectVaultAddItemType dialog state show vault item type selection dialog
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.vault.VaultScreenTest.when option is selected in SelectVaultAddItemType dialog add item action is sent
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.clicking back button should send BackClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.search icon click should send SearchIconClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.refresh button click should send RefreshClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.error text and retry should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.auth code and copy button should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.Items text should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.Items text count should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.displayItems should be displayed according to state
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.clicking on a display item should send ItemClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.clicking on copy button should send CopyClick action
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.on overflow item click should display menu
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.on sync click should send SyncClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.on lock click should send LockClick
com.x8bit.bitwarden.ui.vault.feature.verificationcode.VerificationCodeScreenTest.loading dialog should be displayed according to state
